exposing flexibility myths lifting
weights makes you stiff actually the
opposite is true and if you do it right
it can actually be just as effective as
static stretching is at increasing your
range of motion you need to stretch
every single day if your goal is to gain
flexibility you only need five minutes
per stretch spread throughout the week
that's just holding your stretches for
30 seconds 10 times a week doing
whatever you want stretching makes you
weaker or smaller stretching doesn't
actually affect your anabolic or
catabolic hormone profile meaning you
will gain muscle or lose muscle
regardless of whether or not you stretch
and as long as you stretch on a separate
day or just after your workout there
will be Zero Effect on your workout
performance or results any other myths I
missed stay Flexi